RHDEVDOCS-6342: Content creation for sensitive annotations feature (#87882)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops_configuring_sensitive_annotations_in_the_argo_cd_web_ui.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * securing_openshift_gitops/masking-sensitive-annotations-in-the-argo-cd-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops_configuring_sensitive_annotations_in_the_argo_cd_web_ui_{context}"]
= Configuring sensitive annotations in the Argo CD Web UI

Configure sensitive annotations in the Argo CD Web UI by performing the following steps.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {OCP} web console. 

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Create or select the project where you want to install the user-defined Argo CD instance from the *Project* list.

. Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed Operators list and click the *Argo CD* tab.

. Edit your ArgoCD CR by completing the following steps:
.. Under the `spec.extraConfig` section, add the `resource.sensitive.mask.annotations` key.
.. Specify the annotation keys to mask as a comma-separated list.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  extraConfig:
    resource.sensitive.mask.annotations: openshift.io/token-secret.value, api-key, token #<1>
----

> <1> - Specify comma-separated list of sensitive annotation values such as, `api-key` and `token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> - Specify comma-separated list of sensitive annotation values such as, `openshift.io/token-secret.value`, `api-key` and `token`.
```
shall we also mention `openshift.io/token-secret.value` ?

Author: Fixed.

+

> . Verify that the value in the Argo CD resource is updated in the `argocd-cm` config map successfully by completing the following steps.
> .. In the *Administrator* perspective, go to *Workload* → *ConfigMaps*.
> .. In the *Project* option, select the `Argo CD` namespace.
> .. In the `argocd-cm` config map, you can now view the `resource.sensitive.mask.annotations` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the value in the Argo CD resource is updated successfully by completing the following steps.
.. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.
.. In the *Project* option, select the `Argo CD` namespace.
.. Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed Operators list and click the *Argo CD* tab.
.. Verify that *Status* field of the ArgoCD instance shows as *Phase: Available*.
```
Update the verification steps if we don't want to mention about `argocd-cm` in downstream doc.

Author: Fixed.

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * securing_openshift_gitops/masking-sensitive-annotations-in-the-argo-cd-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops_configuring_sensitive_annotations_in_the_argo_cd_web_ui_{context}"]

> = Configuring sensitive annotations in the Argo CD Web UI

Reviewer: Can we change the title to ?
```suggestion
= Configuring Sensitive Annotations Masking in Argo CD Web UI and CLI
```

Author: Fixed. Hey @svghadi, as per the rules defined for using [Titles](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization#headings-titles-and-banners) in the IBM style guide, we use sentence-style capitalization for headings. So, changing it to headline-style capitalization is not as per our standards.

Reviewer: Okay. What do you think about the suggested rephrasing?

Author: Hi @svghadi, how about this title: Masking Sensitive Annotations in Argo CD Web UI and CLI

Reviewer: Sounds good.

Author: Hey @svghadi, I just realized I used a similar title in the Assembly file. We cannot use a similar one for the procedure. Here are two titles that I came up with. Please let me know which one do you prefer:

1. Enabling sensitive annotations masking in Argo CD UI and CLI
2. Configuring annotations masking for sensitive data in Argo CD UI and CLI

Reviewer: 1. looks good.
